1) In this Exercise, you learned how to use if-elif-else statements to run different tasks based on conditions that you define. Now practice that skill by writing a script for a simple travel app using an if-elif-else statement for the following situation:

-The script should ask the user where they want to travel.
-The user’s input should be checked for 3 different travel destinations that you define.
-If the user’s input is one of those 3 destinations, the following statement should be printed: “Enjoy your stay in ______!”
-If the user’s input is something other than the defined destinations, the following statement should be printed: “Oops, that destination is not currently available.”
            	
Write your script here. (Hint: remember what you learned about indents!)

A)
destination = input(“Of these three options, where would you like to go? Seattle, Los Angeles, or New York City?”)

if destination == “seattle”:
  print(“Enjoy your stay in Seattle!”)
elif destination == “los angeles”:
  print(“Enjoy your stay in Los Angeles!”)
elif destination == “new york city”:
  print(“Enjoy your stay in New York City!”)
else:
  print(“Oops, that destination is not currently available.”) 
 
2) Imagine you’re at a job interview for a Python developer role. The interviewer says, “Explain logical operators in Python”. Draft how you would respond.

A) The main logical operators are and, or, and not. They are helpful for testing statements whether they are true or false and give a greater versatility to crafting testing statements than just purely using comparison operators.
 
3) What are functions in Python? When and why are they useful?

A) Functions are instructions that are built into Python or that can be created to create an output or manipulate inputs and codes. They are useful for creating a desired output.
 
4) In the section for Exercise 1 in this Learning Journal, you were asked in question 3 to set some goals for yourself while you complete this course.  In preparation for your next mentor call, make some notes on how you’ve progressed towards your goals so far.

A) I’m progressing pretty well in understanding some of the basics of Python, its syntax, and how to interact with functions. I enjoy its readability and logical flow.
